everyone i hope you go
well then today we have
made of paper as bulwarks which
is on my bracelet
I hope you see it on your turn
this is simple you ask papers
gifts gifts
we will need a classic golf stick
makers and a little body in for in
steal your paper so that's your
Here we are again for the rest
the first step in celebration is to
cut out gift wrap
so according to length and width
that you want more the part will be
long longer will make you big
plus the width will be long over your
father who will be long too also
so that's so if you make a band
pretty much right it will make you a table
cylindrical and after if you want some
different forms so in fact it takes
leave there
it's finished the next press how
you roll your task on the toothpick
that it can make you shapes
different
so we'll do two so after
it's very simple you return your
paper unprinted side you take the
sticks so you do not put all
at the beginning it's about the space
punk job leaves you pretty much
the space of a homework and after you
put some glue all along
Of the band
once you have put your glue
he only had to roll your paper
around the water, starting with
done by the area
where you did not put glue for not
obviously that the paper stuck to the body
once we did that
here you roll the paper like this
you have to have the collar and if you see
that there are places where there is no
enough glue you can add
so try to put it right
safra really a pretty pearl
cylindrical
what I like is to do
really full of different forms
and then like on my early bracelet
that you actually associate it with
rock charms and that can it
can make something nice enough
So here is once it was funny
it's really quite simple so we roll
we can even do it with children
here is
at worst you make them the beginning if
it's a bit complicated and girls there I
will add a little glue this is what
it's a little dried
and that's it
this is my first talk I just have to
exit I have a barley hole not if you
get to see they find for
to be able to pass the wire so to do
a different form like I you
said so we cut a paper that is
linen at the beginning and finer at the end we
start with the broad side
and always the same we are not glue
at first we put on the rest of the
band tac up
once we put the glue we roll
if we hold
the beginning is always delicate
well if so here
and
and then we
measure as you roll like paper
a factor is more and more hungry fear
as well
but
Oh
so that's it if you actually make your
thinner in the middle
and
we will do higher val
after your novel your fine rain band
you can do it in glass or water
which will make a term a little more
triangular
but
you because we see well in the can is
domestic
in fact it's not the same shape as
just now its wide share
goal and then
it comes back much stronger So here
the
it gives
now we want thanks to the pearls a
paper how to recycle succeeds two
gift packages
two pretty brassier I hope this
little tutorial you liked but find on
my youtube channel or so on the site
www.caf.fr or there are actually all my
videos and many other ideas
leaks to recipe photos
so
it's coming on my website
soon